# Project Purple

"Project Purple" is a host of Siri Shortcuts and other dependencies designed to make your life at FedEx more manageable through software. From managing your Timecard through a calendar, calculating your worked hours, to a simple Stops per Hour calculator, this suite of shortcuts will help you accomplish all you need and more. The entire suite is managed through the FedEx Timecard Shortcut making it a one-stop-shop easy way for you to do anything and everything you may need to do!

To get started, download the “FXE Update Manager” Shortcut. This will have all the tools needed. Including checking for updates, getting started, and a master reset button. Please be sure to follow the steps in order as laid out in the Shortcut. Although it may be a slightly tedious setup, following through will allow for optimal functionality. If you need help, there is a Setup Guide (SETUP.md).

Please note: It is **NOT RECOMMENDED** for you to make changes outside of the scope of the personalization setup. 

If you experience ANY type of problems or issues, and you have not made any modifications outside of personalization, please contact the developer directly and submit a bug report. Please be as descriptive as possible with the issue. For your convenience, a simple button has been included in the primary Shortcut to submit feedback. As such, this will require and include personal details about yourself (in order to respond to your feedback), as well as details about the device in which you’re running the Shortcuts on (iOS/iPadOS/macOS/watchOS Version, Device Version, etc.). 

If you have made modifications to any of the Shortcuts outside of normal personalization setup, and you are experiencing problems or issues, it is **STRONGLY RECOMMENDED** that you remove the downloaded Shortcuts, future events, etc. in order to accurately reset and remove any unintended issues. For your convenience there is a “Master Reset” button to remove all the downloaded shortcuts, future events, and wipe any stored data.